API Auto Registration Tap Docs (#1448)
pivotal/docs-tap: api-auto-registration/about.hbs.md

# API Auto Registration

## <a id='overview'></a> Overview

> When users deploy a workload into a run cluster that exposes an API, they want that API to automatically show in TAP GUI without needing any other manual steps. API Auto Registration is an automated workflow that will can use a supply chain to create and manage a k8s Custom Resource (CR) of type APIDescriptor, a controller to reconcile the CR and update the API entity in TAP GUI to achieve automated API registration from workloads. You can also use API Auto Registration without supply chains by directly applying an APIDescriptor to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When users deploy a workload that exposes an API, they want that API to automatically show in TAP GUI without needing any other manual steps. API Auto Registration is an automated workflow that will can use a supply chain to create and manage a k8s Custom Resource (CR) of type APIDescriptor, a controller to reconcile the CR and update the API entity in TAP GUI to achieve automated API registration from workloads. You can also use API Auto Registration without supply chains by directly applying an APIDescriptor to the cluster.
```

> When users deploy a workload into a run cluster that exposes an API, they want that API to automatically show in TAP GUI without needing any other manual steps. API Auto Registration is an automated workflow that will can use a supply chain to create and manage a k8s Custom Resource (CR) of type APIDescriptor, a controller to reconcile the CR and update the API entity in TAP GUI to achieve automated API registration from workloads. You can also use API Auto Registration without supply chains by directly applying an APIDescriptor to the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When users deploy a workload that exposes an API, they want that API to automatically show in TAP GUI without needing any other manual steps. The ootb supply chain creates a k8s Custom Resource (CR) of type `APIDescriptor` for workloads that expressed the intention to expose API, and API Auto Registration is packages that reconciles the CR and register/manage the API entity in TAP GUI to achieve automated API registration from workloads. You can also use API Auto Registration without supply chains by directly applying an APIDescriptor to the run clusters.
```
